## What is coin?

> G: Let's watch a movie!  
> B: Sure! What movie would you like to see?  
> G: Dunno! Let's find something from IMDB.  
> B: OK!  
> *B and G open IMDB.com*  
> G: This one looks fun! But I don't feel like watching sci-fi tonight. Let's put it on our Watch Later list.  
> B: I found a good one! But it's a bit too long. I'll add it to the Watch Later list.  
> *2 hours later with 20 movies in the Watch Later list*  
> B: I give up!  
> G: Picking the perfect movie is really hard!  
> B *and* G *at the same time*: If only there was a simple, easy to use command line program that would pick out a semi-random movie from our Watch Later list!  

If that exchange sounded familiar, you are in the right place!
Coin is a command-line utility that chooses a semi-random movie from a previously compiled list.
Movies can be added by title, IMDB address or themoviedb.org URL.
Coin uses themoviedb.org as it's backend for downloading metadata.

### How does it work?
Coin puts all unwatched movies from your list into a general pool and draws a semi-random choice from there.
Not all movies have the same likelihood of being selected.
The probability of a movie being drawn from the pool is proportional to the movie's rating.
A movie with a rating of 10.0 is about twice as likely to be chosen as one with a rating of 5.0.

### Why semi-random and not plain old random?
It seemed like a semi-sensible design choice.

## Requirements and installation

Coin uses `json`, `themoviedb`, `colorize` and `trollop` gems.
You can install them with

    gem install json themoviedb colorize trollop

There is no special installation procedure for coin.
If you want to make your life easier, copy `coin.rb` to a folder that is in your `$PATH` and rename it to `coin`.
Coin will create a database file called `.coindb.json` in your home directory.

## Usage
    	coin [action] <argument(s)>
    
	Actions:
    	add, a         Add a new movie to the database. 
					   Arguments can be movie titles, IMDB addresses 
					   (www.imdb.com/title/<IDMB ID>) or TMDb addresses
					   (www.themoviedb.org/movie/<TMDb ID>). If the title 
					   contains spaces, enclose it in double quotes
					   (e.g. coin add "Kung Fu Panda")
    	delete, d      Delete a movie from the database. Arguments are
					   movie IDs (TMDb IDs) that are displayed by the "list" command
    	flip, f        Get a semi-random movie from the database
    	list, l        List all movies in the database
    	import, i      Import movies from a file that contains one movie
					   title/IMDB URL/TMDb URL per line. Arguments are paths to text files
		url, u         Add a URL to a movie in the database. When the movie is selected,
					   the URL is opened with the command 'open <URL>'.
					   Arguments are the ID of the movie and the URL/filename

## Bugs, problems, questions

Feel free to use the GitHub Issue tracker for for filing bug reports. Also for questions, problems, feature requests, Christmas wishlists etc.